Hey, where are you going, dear grandson?
Who knows what's wrong with you?
Besides, he just likes it
What if it's not cured?
Say you are ignorant, are you really?
The subtlety of Xuanmen Jiuzhen lies in the first 8 needles
The 9th needle is just to consolidate the cost and peiyuan
Does not hinder the old man
If you think people can't be saved
You can totally check
But now the top priority is to kneel
Kowtow and hand over
Ah, it hurts!
Hello
I had a really bad headache just now. Did you hit your head?
How do you know?
If the ground is too slippery in winter
I accidentally hit my head against the wall
Here comes the elevator, I'm in the elevator first
I apologize for my behavior just now
I'm so sorry, please forgive me.
I can understand.
This is 1 million please take it
Money is unnecessary
You still take good care of the girl
I have something to do first